Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Just to be clear.
you guys could see people in moon suits
walking around the plant?
Do we know definitively at that point
that Bruce Ivins sent the letters?
Frederick County 911.
What is the address of the emergency?
Military Road.
And what's your name?
Diane Ivins.
Diane. what's the problem?
Tell me exactly what happened.
My husband. I found him
laying on the bathroom floor upstairs.
He's unconscious.
He's got a…
He's breathing rapidly. he's clammy.
I found some…
a glass of wine earlier in the day.
I don't know if he was drinking
and got up and fell or...
if he drank too much.
All right. I'm sending
the ambulance to help you now.
Want me to stay on the line with you
or are you okay?
No. I'm okay.
Are you a hundred percent certain
Bruce did it?
How certain are you
that Bruce was responsible?